Cycling is the optimal move
Setting for the bike can be found
therefore best in motion of erotic
scanner can do just that in real life
driving position you can actively meet in the
be pill to under real conditions
then step by step everyone
Settings individually varies that
every change can be instant and
be taken unadulterated
a very special advantage is on the
Screen can pose and move
even be checked live
on the airport can be external
different saddles quite easy and in
real seat and movement load
test
a special system does that
saddle change to the secondary thing the
Saddle inclination gets in a fast wheel
Precisely that keynote will be adjusted immediately
a button press checks this varies
Door for all this is possible during the
Test persons sit on the bike and each one
directly senses and experiences change
which almost here they prefer some
upper body inclination is for you
the most comfortable grip position is
for them the decisive one
the answer can be found by looking at the
airport external different top tube
Length and position optimized
all handlebars settings the
let different types of bicycles
Get here fast and easy
formulate
that is completely without complicated conversion
possible because the handlebar modules can
be replaced with a handle
it is just as easy to experience the
Different deflects left handle forms
and ergonomic hand positions
direct effect show it
different positions handlebar in winter
tested
you have the easy pull in the series
Only when we can get this
position one on one thought
familiar with the erotic scanner
your new bike from the beginning
can be set perfectly
but also your existing bike can
Ergonomically optimize them in retrospect
is in the erotic scanner is a
service of premium aerotec along